docs(grid): Describe default operators for row filtering (#2164)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/grid/filter/filter-row.md

> The grid will render a row below the column headers with UI that you can use to fill in the filter criteria. You can type in the input to execute the default operator as you type, or click a button to choose a different filter operator (like "contains", "greater than" and so on). Filters are applied as the user types in the inputs. Once you enter a filter criteria, the clear button will be enabled to allow you to reset the filter state.

Reviewer: Suggesting this change for consistency with the newly added paragraph.
```suggestion
The grid will render a row below the column headers with UI that you can use to fill in the filter criteria. You can type in the input to execute the default operator as you type or click a button to choose a different filter operator (like `contains`, `GreaterThan`, and so on). Filters are applied as the user types in the inputs. Once you enter the filter criteria, the clear button will be enabled to allow you to reset the filter state.
```
